Update knapsack description (#2316)
exercism/problem-specifications: exercises/knapsack/description.md

Note that Bob can take only one of each item.

All values given will be strictly positive.

> Items will be represented with a weight and value each.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Items will be represented as a list of items.
Each item will have a weight and value.
```
